{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;
\f3\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Semibold;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f5\fnil\fcharset134 GB18030Bitmap;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13200\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 PROGRAMMING ASSIGNMENT 2\
Mengjie Shen (ms11141)\
\

\f1\b Design Choice:\
	
\f0\b0 I
\f2  used
\f3\b  
\f0\b0 non-blocking pipe for the communication of worker -> delegator and delegator -> root. This can support my program to asynchronously collect produced results. I also initialized another pipes to send the information from worker to delegator and from delegator to root. 
\f1\b \

\f0\b0 	I used a linked list to store the result going back to the root node, because in this way, I can dynamically allocate the memory. 
\f4 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \

\f1\b How to compile and run my program:\

\f0\b0 from the command line:\
	make
\f5 \
	
\f2 ./main -l LowerBound -u UpperBound -[e|r] -n NumOfNodes \
One example is:\
	./main -l 1 -u 200000 -e -n 2\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf0 Files:\

\f2\b0 	main.c: handle the flags and start the whole program.\
	structure.c: the main structure of the process hierarchy, including functions for root node, delegator node, worker node.\
	helper.c: include those functions that help the main structure to run properly. For example, randomize algorithm, sorting algorithms and finding primes algorithms. \
	prime.h: I defined two different node struct for one linked list storing result of prime numbers and the other linked list storing result of the execution time. I choose to use the linked list so that I can dynamically allocate my memory. \
\

\f3\b Outside References:\
	
\f2\b0 shuffle algorithm: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/shuffle-a-given-array-using-fisher-yates-shuffle-algorithm/
\f3\b \

\f2\b0 	non blocking pipe: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/non-blocking-io-with-pipes-in-c/}